@document.meta
title: Bottled up in the Black Sea
description: Russia is having a dreadful naval war, hindering its great power ambitions
authors: 
categories: english extensive
created: 2024-10-09T08:50:39+0800
updated: 2024-10-10T09:07:20+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

{https://theconversation.com/bottled-up-in-the-black-sea-russia-is-having-a-dreadful-naval-war-hindering-its-great-power-ambitions-238195

The *ongoing conflict* between Russia and Ukraine has played out largely *on land* and *in the air*. It is a bitterly contested, grueling ground war, accompanied by brutal Russian aerial attacks on civilian infrastructure and *a slow but increasing* Ukrainian response.


- gruel
- grueling: 
-- After a grueling day at work, I just want to relax on the couch.
-- The soldiers endured a grueling training program.

- bitterly: 
-- He was bitterly disappointed when he didn't get the job.
> bitter

- brutal: Use brutal to describe something beastly and harsh

- aerial: Things that are aerial are happening in the air: birds, planes, and missiles are all aerial things.
- civilian infrastructure

- accompanied:
-- be accompanied by
-- accompanied with

But a *less appreciated* but vital focus of the war is happening on water, too. There, a contest for control of the Black Sea has seen Russia stunningly defeated.

- vital focus of the war
-- vital: essential or necessary

- a contest for control of the Black Sear

- stunning: Someone who is strikingly beautiful can be described as stunning.
-- the news of his resignation was stunning.
-- she achieved a stunning victory in the competition.

- defeat: Defeat is the opposite of victory. When you lose, you suffer defeat.

And this loss has potentially far-reaching consequences. Not only does it constrain Moscow’s ability to project power across the globe through naval means, it has also resulted in Russia’s growing cooperation with China, where Moscow is emerging as a junior party to Beijing on the high seas.

- potentially far-reaching consequences

- resulted in
-- his hard work resulted in his promotion.
-- the accident resulted in the closure of the road.

- growing cooperation with

- emerge
-- submerge
-- emergent

** Battle over the Black Sea 

   The tradition of geopolitical theory has tended to paint an oversimplification of global politics. Theories harkening back to the late 19th century categorized countries as either land powers or maritime powers.

   Thinkers such as the British geopolitician Sir Halford Mackinder or the U.S. theorist Alfred Thayer Mahan characterized maritime powers as countries that possessed traits of democratic liberalism and free trade. In contrast, land powers were often portrayed as despotic and militaristic.

   While such generalizations have historically been used to demonize enemies, there is still a contrived tendency to divide the world into land and sea powers. An accompanying view that naval and army warfare is somewhat separate has continued.

And this division gives us a false impression of Russia’s progress in the war with Ukraine. While Moscow has certainly seen some successes on land and in the air, that should not draw attention away from Russia’s stunning defeat in the Black Sea that has seen Russia have to retreat from the Ukrainian shoreline and keep its ships far away from the battlefront.

As I describe in my recent book, “Near and Far Waters: The Geopolitics of Seapower,” maritime countries have two concerns: They must attempt to control the parts of the sea relatively close to their coastlines, or their “near waters”; meanwhile, those with the ability and desire to do so try to project power and influence into “far waters” across oceans, which are the near waters of other countries.

   The Black Sea is a tightly enclosed and relatively small sea comprising the near waters of the countries that surround it: Turkey to the south, Bulgaria and Romania to the west, Georgia to the east, and Ukraine and Russia to the north.

Control of the Black Sea’s near waters has been contested throughout the centuries and has played a role in the current Russian-Ukraine war.

Russia’s seizure of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014 allowed it to control the naval port of Sevastopol. What were near waters of Ukraine became de facto near waters for Russia.

Controlling these near waters allowed Russia to disrupt Ukraine’s trade, especially the export of grain to African far waters.

But Russia’s actions were thwarted through the collaboration of Romania, Bulgaria and Turkey to allow passage of cargo ships through their near waters, then through the Bosporus into the Mediterranean Sea.

Ukraine’s use of these other countries’ near waters allowed it to export between 5.2 million and 5.8 million tons of grain per month in the first quarter of 2024. To be sure, this was a decline from Ukraine’s exports of about 6.5 million tons per month prior to the war, which then dropped to just 2 million tons in the summer of 2023 because of Russian attacks and threats.

   But efforts to constrain Russia’s control of Ukraine’s near waters in the Black Sea, and Russia’s unwillingness to face the consequences of attacking ships in NATO countries’ near waters, meant Ukraine was still able to access far waters for economic gain and keep the Ukrainian economy afloat.
