@document.meta
title: Chinese envoy urges restraint to prevent further escalation in Middle East
description: A Lebanese Middle East Airlines takes off from Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport, amid ongoing hostilities between Hezbollah and Israeli forces, as seen from Sin El Fil, Lebanon on Oct 7.
authors: 
categories: english 
created: 2024-10-08T11:34:17+0800
updated: 2024-10-08T16:47:12+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

{https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202410/08/WS670434f7a310f1265a1c64b5.html}

- restraint: Restraint is the act of holding something back.

- escalate: increase in extent or intensity
- escalation: An escalation is an increase or growth.

UNITED NATIONS -- A Chinese envoy on Monday urged all parties to exercise restraint and avoid inflammatory remarks and provocative actions to prevent the situation in the Middle East from further escalating or even spiraling out of control.

- A Chinese envoy
- *spiral out of control*
-- The company's finances spiraled out of control due to mismanagement.

- inflame: To inflame is to make feelings stronger, or stir them up.
- inflammation: An inflammation means "setting something on fire."
- inflammatory: In medical terms, something that is inflammatory causes a local reaction that shows up by swelling, heat, pain, and redness.

  -- The spark inflamed the dry grass, causing a wildfire.

- inflammatory remarks
- provocative actions
-- provocative (adj): In fact, provocative is often used to describe actions or ways of dressing that cause sexual feelings.

- provoke (verb): Anything that brings about a strong reaction can be said to provoke.

"At present, there must not be any delay in maintaining peace in the Middle East," Fu Cong, China's permanent representative to the United Nations, said at the UN General Assembly plenary meeting on the implementation of the outcomes of the major UN conferences and summits and the strengthening and reform of the UN system.

- At present
- there must not be any delay in ..

- permanent representative

- reform government
-- It's easier to promise reform than to actually accomplish it.

- the strengthening and reform

Lamenting the question of Palestine as "the biggest wound to human conscience," Fu warned that the conflict in Gaza is still dragging on, causing more civilian casualties *with each passing day*, the fighting has spread to Lebanon, and a full-scale war sweeping the Middle East is "on the verge of breaking out."

- lament

- drag on
-- The meeting dragged on for hours.

- casual: Something casual is ordinary or everyday — not too special, unusual, fancy, serious, or eventful.
- casualty

- sweep: 

- "On the verge of breaking out" means that something is very close to happening or starting, often in a sudden or unexpected way.

"We call for the effective respect of the sovereignty, security, and territorial integrity of all countries, oppose all acts that violate basic norms governing international relations, and condemn all violent attacks against civilians," he said.

- call for


"Might must not take the place of justice," Fu pointe out, stressing that Palestine's long-held aspiration to establish an independent state should not be shunned anymore, and the historical injustice suffered by the Palestinian people should not be ignored any longer.

"There must not be any delay in reaching a comprehensive ceasefire, and the fundamental way out lies in the two-State solution," he said.


On the Ukraine crisis, the ambassador said it is "still difficult to see an end," calling on all parties to put peace and people first and truly commit to promoting dialogue for peace and pushing for a political solution to the crisis.

The top priority, he said, is to commit to no expansion of the battlefield, no escalation of fighting, and no provocation by any party.

Fu noted that during this session of the UN General Assembly, China, Brazil and other Global South countries jointly launched the group of Friends for Peace, and its very purpose is to uphold the purposes and principles of the UN Charter, build consensus for a political settlement of the crisis, and contribute to a prospect of peace.


