@document.meta
title: National Day holiday brings box office surge
description: Robust sales boost movie industry morale after recent sluggish seasons
authors: 
categories: english
created: 2024-10-05T11:53:23+0800
updated: 2024-10-07T21:34:53+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

** read

https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202410/05/WS670070faa310f1265a1c626e.html

> Moviegoers check out film posters at a cinema in Shanghai on Thursday.

   - film posters
   -- A film poster is a large-format printed advertisement used to promote a movie.

   *As a testament to* its economic vitality, the weeklong National Day holiday has sparked a box office surge, underscoring the potential of China's resurgent market.

   - spark a surge : sparke a box office surge

   - sparked a box office surge
   - the potential of China's resurgent market

   As of Friday, the vacation starting from Tuesday has *raked in* 1.47 billion yuan ($209.4 million), a 45 percent increase compared to the same period in 2022 and slightly surpassing the year-on-year figure in 2023, according to Maoyan Pro, a real-time movie information tracker.

   - As of Friday 截止
   - slightly : the children argued because one slice of cake was slightly larger than the other

   *Fueled by the boom*, this year's box office tally has surpassed 36 billion yuan, *deemed by many industry insiders as* an inspirational sign to uplift morale following the sluggish previous seasons from the May Day holiday to the summer vacation and Mid-Autumn Festival.

   - surpass: To surpass means to outdo someone or something, to go beyond what was expected.
   -- supass your own expectations
   - boom : a state of economic prosperity
   - deemed by ... as 

   - an inspirational sign
   -- inspire -> inspirational

   - uplift morale : 鼓舞士气
   - sluggish : moving slowly


The Volunteers: The Battle of Life and Death, the latest directorial work by Chen Kaige, the first Chinese filmmaker to win a Palme d'Or award at the Cannes Film Festival, is currently leading the holiday box office charts with earnings exceeding 500 million yuan.

   - direct
   -- the latest directorial work by ...
   - exceeding
   - exceed: "go beyond."

   As the second installment of Chen's trilogy The Volunteers, an epic that chronicles the War to Resist US Aggression and Aid Korea (1950-53), the 144-minute new movie recounts a pivotal battle in Cheorwon, where 25,000 Chinese People's Volunteer Army soldiers engaged around 50,000 United States-led "United Nations Command" forces in 1951.

   - installment: An installment is a part or section of something, like the monthly installment you pay on your credit card debt or the latest installment of your favorite TV show.
   - trilogy: A trilogy is something that has three parts, so you'll have three books to read.
   - pivotal battle: 
   -- High school graduation is a pivotal moment in most people's lives — an important point that signifies a shift in direction.
    
   - engage: Engage means to bind, catch, or involve.
   - Cheorwon: 铁原郡朝鲜半岛

   - chronicle the War
   - resist
   - engage : Engage means to bind, catch, or involve.
   -- engage around

Yuan Yun'er, a Beijing-based critic, said the movie, which has garnered a rating of 7.2 points out of 10 on the popular review site Douban, is a poignant narrative that revisits the war pivotal to China's destiny over 70 years ago.

   - popular review site
   - garner: To garner means to gather or earn.
   -- garner a rating of 7.2 points

   - poignant narrative : 
   -- Something that is poignant touches you deeply.
    - A narrative is a story that you write or tell to someone, usually in great detail.

   - revisit the war pivotal

   *Compared to the initial installment*, The Volunteers: To the War, released last October, the new film presents a more intense plot from a human-interest perspective, with its depiction of war scenes being more grandiose and skillful in portraying details.

   - intense : Intense means strong or extreme.
   -- intense plot
   - depiction : The word depiction comes from the Latin word for "painting or description"
   -- the depiction of war scenes
   - grandiose
   - portray: represent abstractly, for example in a painting, drawing, or sculpture
   -- portraying details

For example, a poignant detail stirring online discussion is a candy gifted by CPV Commander-in-Chief Peng Dehuai to a veteran officer, who passes it to his son, a CPV soldier, and eventually to his sister, an army interpreter, with the son's touching act of licking the empty wrapper before his sacrifice resonating profoundly with viewers.

   - stir: To stir is to mix something up.
   - interpreter : An interpreter is someone who translates something to make it understandable, usually spoken language.

   - veteran officer
   - licking the empty wrapper

   - sacrifice : his sacrifice
   - *resonating profoundly with viewers*
   -- resonating : Anything resonating echoes or vibrates deeply, like the resonating sound of your grandfather's laugh.
   -- profoundly : you feel it deep in your soul

Zhi Feina, a film professor at the Chinese National Academy of Arts, remarked that the movie distinguishes itself, partly because its patriotic theme resonates with the collective emotions of the domestic audience, as China celebrates the National Day.

   - patriotic
   -- patriotic theme
   -- patriotism
  - domestic : Domestic generally means relating to someone's family, home, or home country.
   -- the collective emotions of the domestic audience

Following the war epic, director Lu Chuan's sci-fi film Bureau 749 has secured the second spot on the holiday box office charts, amassing over 300 million yuan. The film, loosely inspired by Lu's early work experience in an institute researching supernatural phenomena, narrates a near-future story about battling mysterious creatures that drag a city into an unprecedented crisis.

  - secured the second spot : 稳居第二
  - amassing over 300 million yuan
  - institute researching supernatural phenomena
  - unprecedented crisis

  - narrate
  - an unprecedented crisis

Ranked third in box office earnings at the festival, the crime drama Tiger Wolf Rabbit depicts the vengeful quest of three parents whose children are abducted by human traffickers. It has grossed over 230 million yuan.

   - depict
   - the vengeful quest : 复仇之旅

   - abducted
   -- abducted in plain sight
   - human traffickers


Respectively, the fourth and fifth top earners are kungfu giant Jackie Chan's comedy Panda Plan and Hong Kong iconic star Andy Lau's action thriller High Forces.

  -- giant

A total of 10 movies were released on Monday and Tuesday, aiming to vie for audiences during the National Day holiday, one of the most lucrative box office seasons in China, according to the China Film Distribution and Exhibition Association.

   - vie: To vie for something means to compete for it.
   -- vie for audiences

   - lucrative: Use lucrative to refer to a business or investment that makes money.
   -- pursue a lucrative career
   -- lucrative business
   -- one of the most lucrative box office seasons

   - exhibition
   - association: National Basketball Association
   -- he joined the Modern Language Association

Yu Chao, deputy general manager of Beijing's Capital Cinema chain, said that the diversity in genres and the remarkable number of new films released showcase the potential of China's movie market.

  -- deputy
   -- the deputy prime minister
   -- deputy general manager

  - diversity
   -- equality and diversity 
   -- the diversity in genres

   From sci-fi movie The Wandering Earth (2019) to the fantasy epic Creation of the Gods I: Kingdom of Storms (2023) and the latest blockbuster Bureau 749, Chinese audiences have demonstrated a strong interest in watching special *effects-laden big-budget films*, indicating opportunities for advancement in the Chinese film technology sector, Yu said.

  -- Chinese audiences

   - demonstrate
   -- demonstrate a strong interest

   - technology sector

He also highlighted the holiday's new movie, A Tapestry of a Legendary Land. Adapted from the popular dance poem drama of the same name, the movie represents a new creative direction for domestic filmmakers.

   - domestic filmmakers

   - adapted from 
   -- Adapted from is a phrase used to indicate that something has been modified or changed from its original form.

   The film, featuring the Northern Song Dynasty (960-1127) masterpiece Qianli Jiangshan Tu (A Panorama of Rivers and Mountains) through dance, *demonstrates that stage performances translated into feature-length films can attract audiences with their established reputation and enhanced visual details on large cinema screens*, added Yu.

   - masterpiece

   Rao Shuguang, *president of the China Film Critics Association*, predicted this year's box office revenue may exceed last year's, driven by *the momentum of* the National Day holiday surge.

   - revenue : Revenue is money earned by a business, or income received by the government from taxes.
   -- Declining advertising revenue will doom your website, no matter how great it is.
   - exceed : To exceed is to go beyond expectations, or to go too far.
   -- synonyms: surpass
   - momentum : Momentum is generally used to mean increasing forward motion.


** word

- *box office*
- *surge*
   - continue to surge
   - Although a surge offers a fluid image, anything can experience a sudden surge, including emotions, political support, or an angry mob.

- *resurgent*
   - Something resurgent comes back to life or is reinvigorated.
   - resurgent nationalism
   - China's economic resurgence

- *underscore*
   - To underscore is to draw special attention to a fact, idea, or situation.

- *potential*
   - If you can describe something as possible but not yet actual, choose the adjective potential.
   - Companies try to reach potential customers through advertising.

- *vitality*
   - economic vitality
   - the vitality of a seed
   - Are you full of life? Vigorous and energetic? You have vitality, the state of being strong and in great health.
   - Vitality also has the general meaning of "life force," as in the mysterious power that separates the living from the dead.

- *vigor* : almost the same meaning as energy
- *vigorous*
   - Anything vigorous is done with force and energy.
   - Vigorous exercise makes you sweat, and a vigorous denial makes someone else sweat.
   - Speakers of Chinese languages *were especially vigorous in* replacing and converting other ethnic groups

- *enthusiastic*
   - Vigorous is a description for something strong or enthusiastic.
   - If you're *enthusiastic about* working on your vocabulary words, you don't have to be reminded to do it — you can't wait.

- *rake*
   - verb: gather with a rake
   -- rake leaves
