@document.meta
title: Top 10 most valuable Chinese automobile brands
description: 
authors: 
categories: english
created: 2024-10-06T13:30:38+0800
updated: 2024-10-07T11:56:34+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202403/21/WS65fb65c2a31082fc043bdcfb_1.html

The "Top 100 most valuable automobile brands 2024" list *was revealed by* the British brand evaluation agency Brand Finance in March this year.

  - reveal : When you make something visible or make it public information, you reveal it.

  - the British brand evaluation agency
  -- If you're looking for a job, an employment agency might be able to help.
  

22 Chinese *automobile brands* made it to the list. BYD ranked 11th globally, up 9 places from 2022; and Changan Auto ranked 44th, up 20 places from 2022.

China's auto industry is entering a new era. After surpassing Japan as the world's largest exporter in the automobile industry in 2023, the industry has grown rapidly in recent years backed by strong global interest in *electric vehicles*, driving further exports. As the top car brand from China, BYD (whose brand value increased by 20 percent year-on-year to $12.1 billion) surpassed Tesla in electric vehicle production in the fourth quarter of 2023.

- rapid : Rapid means happening with great speed or in a brief period of time.
-- a rapid movement
-- the industry has grown repidly in recent years

- strength
-- Strength is the property of being physically strong (you can do, say, 100 push-ups) or mentally strong


19 of the 22 brands are recorded to have increased their *brand strength*, according to the research. Take Geely for instance, the brand strength they gained is mainly driven by providing better customer services and investing in the company's R&D.

Now let's have a look at the world rankings for the Chinese automobile brands

- the world rankinigs for the Chinese automobile
