
* 博学笃行

  - amuse (verb): If you enjoy making people laugh, you like to amuse them
  -- The play amused the ladies.
  -- I had an amusing experience last year.

  - insane: 
  -- adj: afflicted with or characteristic of mental derangement
  -- adj: very foolish

  -- You can hardly expect him to care for an insane woman.

  - strike
  > 击打，罢工，突然想到

  - arrive at something: indicate the action of reaching a destination

  - sensitive (adj)
  -- He has electromagnetic hypersensitivity.
  -- He is sensitive to electromagnetic fields
  -- She is too sensitive about the relationship between us.
  - sense (noun)
  - sensory (adj)

  - electromagnetic (adj)
  > electro-   magnetic: 磁性

	- be aware of : 对某一情况或问题的认识
  - be conscious of
  -- be aware of how to learn more about using vim.
  -- I'm aware of the latest developments in this field.

  - be worried over
  - be worried about

  - breakdown
  -- Here is a breakdown of the sentence structure

  - intimate
  - intimacy (noun)
  - intimately
  > intimus: 最内部 最里面
  -- He is my intimate friend.
  -- She gave me an intimate look.

  - comrade
  -- comrade is an intimate friend or associate.

	- hostage (n.): 
  > ostage: 日耳曼词根 保证,誓约

  - apart from: "except for" or "aside from."
  -- Apart from the rain, it was a perfect day.

* 慎思明辨

  - (=) {:$/english/Bottled up in the Black Sea:}
  - (=) {:$/english/What causes kidney stones:}
  - (=) {:$/rustic/ownership:}

  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L5:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L7:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L9:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L11:}
  - (?) {:$/english/新概念2/L14:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L15:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L16:}
  - (x) {:$/reading/英语语法分解大全:*** 介词 preposition}}

  明天学习连词 `conjunction`


*** 湘月 龚自珍

    天风吹我，堕湖山一角，果然清丽。
    曾是东华生小客，回首苍茫无际。
    屠狗功名，雕龙文卷，岂是平生意。

    才见一抹斜阳，半堤香草，顿惹清愁起。
    罗袜音尘何处觅，渺渺予怀孤寂。
    怨去吹箫，狂来说剑，两样消魂味。
    两般春梦，橹声荡入云水。


* 审问

   - ( ) 健身打卡
	 -- (-) 背部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 背部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腿部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腿部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腹部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腹部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 俯卧撑 25 * 1
	 -- (-) 俯卧撑 25 * 1
   -- (-) 波比跳 20 * 1
   -- (-) 波比跳 20 * 1

  - ( ) 健康打卡
  -- (=) 大量喝水
  -- (=) 提纲提纲
