
* 博学笃行

	- scent: a scent is a smell.
	-- scent of women

	- perceive: When we perceive something, we become aware of or notice it.
	-- I could perceive the ship coming over the horizon

	- perceive (vt.)	become conscious of
	-- She finally perceived the futility of her protest.

	- futility (noun)
	- futile
	> -ity 性质状态
	-- He felt a deep sense of powerlessness and futility.

	- distinction (noun)

	-- with distinction 
	-- without distinction
	-- to draw a distinction

	- I drew a distinction between A and B.
	- I differentiated between A and B.

	- the stunning scenery
	-- I'll never forget the stunning scenery we saw during out hike.

	- loyal (ad)
	-- Nobody is loyal to a poor, broke, and weak man. Loyalty comes from strength, power, and value.

	- gratitude (n.)
	- grateful (adj.)
	-- learn to express gratitude

	- sanity 
	-- Here is the blog post by way, to save you some sanity

	- instrument (n.)
	> 拉丁语 工具器具

	- shock (v.)
	> A shock is the uncomfortable feeling you get when an electric current passes through your body.
	-- It came a shock to learn that he was injured.

	- strike - struck - struck
	-- The lighting struck the tree.

	- iron the clothes.

	- exclusive

* 慎思明辨

  - (=) {:$/english/Bottled up in the Black Sea:}
  - (=) {:$/english/What causes kidney stones:}
  - (=) {:$/rustic/ownership:}

  - (=) {:$/english/BBC6Min/Keeping kids off smartphones:}

  - (=) {:$/reading/朱子训学斋规:}
	- (=) {:$/reading/中式英语之鉴:}

	> 音标很重要这里解释的也很清晰，锻炼唇齿舌的肌肉和固定，和吹箫有些类似
	- (x) {:$/english/英语发音/单元音:}
	- (x) {:$/english/英语发音/双元音:}
	- (x) {:$/english/英语发音/辅音:}

  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L5:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L7:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L9:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L10:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L11:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L12:}
  - (-) {:$/english/新概念2/L13:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L14:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L15:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L16:}
  - (x) {:$/english/新概念2/L17:}
  - (x) {:$/reading/英语语法分解大全:*** 复合句 complex}

* 审问

   - ( ) 健身打卡
	 -- (-) 背部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 背部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腿部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腿部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腹部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 腹部 30 * 1
	 -- (-) 俯卧撑 25 * 1
	 -- (-) 俯卧撑 25 * 1
   -- (-) 波比跳 20 * 1
   -- (-) 波比跳 20 * 1

  - ( ) 健康打卡
  -- (=) 大量喝水
  -- (=) 提纲提纲
