@document.meta
title: L7
description: Too late 
authors: 
categories: english 新概念
created: 2024-10-08T08:41:21+0800
updated: 2024-10-08T17:13:21+0800
version: 1.1.1
@end

> 过去进行时，过去将来时

** The plane was late and detectives were waiting at the airport *all morning*.

- `all` and `whole`
-- 位置不同： "all" 通常放在冠词、形容词、所有格之前；"whole" 通常放在这些词之后。
-- 侧重点不同： "all" 强调数量的全部；"whole" 强调事物的完整性。

@table
| all + $(time) | whole + $(time) |
| --------- | --------- |
| all morning | a whole morning |
| all day | a whole day |
| all winter | a whole summer |
| all week | all the whole week |
@end

** They were expecting a valuable parcel of diamonds from South Africa.

   - a parcel of 
   - a package of 
   - a box of

** A few hours earlier, someone had told the police that thieves would try to steal the diamonds.

  - 过去将来时
   -- would + $(verb)
   -- was/were going to + $(verb)
  - 过去进行时 (表示动作的延续)
   --- was/were $(verb + ing)

   - that thieves would try to steal the diamonds
   - that thieves were going to try to steal the diamonds

  - a few hours before / a few hours ago

** When the plane arrived, some of the detectives were waiting inside the main building while others were waiting on the airfield.

   - plane
   -- boarding pass
   -- luggage
   -- carry-on luggage
   -- immigration

  - others 用法
   -- some .. others ..
   -- one .. the other ..

   - another 通常指代同类事物，而 "other" 可以指代同类或不同类的事物。
   - another 一般不与 "the" 连用，但可以与 "a/an" 或数量词连用。

   - She's reading another book by this author.
   - Another reason for my decision is

** Two men *took the parcel off* the plane and *carried it into* the Customs House.

   - take off
   -- take the parcel off
   -- take off the coat

** While two detectives were *keeping guard* at the door, two others opened the parcel.

   - at the door

   - `when` `while` and `as`
   -- while 表示一段事件的两个或者多个动作
   -- as 表示同时发生的动作之间的关系

** To their surprise, the precious parcel was full of stones and sand!

   - to their surprise : 情绪
   - to their joy
   - to their excitement


