---
id: 1719190240-PTMV
aliases:
  - "2024-06-24"
tags: []
---

# 2024-06-24

## CD 

https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/202406/24/WS6678bea8a31095c51c50a614.html

- Vehicles from Chinese brands wait to be exported from a port in Suzhou, Jiangsu province.

- dynamism : Anything that's healthy, active, and vigorous has dynamism.
    - Your pet turtle's dynamism is really amazing -- I don't think I've ever seen one move so fast!
- dynamics

- not merely but
- multinational : When something is described as multinational, it involves more than two countries.
    - multinational companies
    - multinational corporation ( it's a company that registers with a state government such that it has the same rights and responsibilities as a person. )

- invest : to commit (money) in order to earn a financial return
- investment
- situation

- precise :
- presume : to undertake without leave or clear justification
- resume : If you resume something, you start it again after stopping.
- assume : Assume isn't only used to mean "accept as truth without checking"; it also means "take on the form of."

- manufacturing : Use the noun manufacturing when you talk about the process of building or assembling something, especially in a factory.

- impressive : Something that is impressive stands out because it is really good.
    - his first performance was very impressive

- expertise :

- China's supply chain

- evolution
- evolved into
    - the company has evolved into a major chemical manufacturer
    - each school must evolve its own way of working

## 25

- inevitable : If something is inevitable, it will definitely happen, like death or tax season.
    - the inevitable result

- propagate : To propagate is to be fruitful and multiply, by the usual routes of reproduction, or by spreading something around — like a rumor.
    - propagate sound or light through air
    - This great civilization was propagated throughout the land

- circuit : A circuit is a circular path.
    -  a usually circular line encompassing an area
- decouple : disconnect or separate
    - Neither type seems able to decouple desire from extraction and domination.

- provision : A provision is a store or supply of something, like food or clothing.

## 26

- exclusive :
    - limited to only one person or group of people
    - expensive and only for people who are rich or of a high social class

- excessive : Excessive exercise can sometimes cause health problems.
    - The film was criticized for its excessive violence and nudity.

- distinct : When something is distinct, it is easily identifiable or set apart from others of its kind.
- tacit : Something tacit is implied or understood without question.
    - Tacit knowledge

- accidental

